Order history revision (#1331)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/order_history/order_history_local_orders.md

# Local orders [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

You can display user documents even if the shop is not connected to an ERP system.
In this case, the user sees the documents [stored locally in the shop](../../guide/checkout/local_orders.md).

The shop only stores local data for orders, so only the `order` document type is displayed.

The use of local documents is enabled with the `use_local_documents` configuration parameter:

``` yaml
siso_order_history.default.use_local_documents: false
```

## Invoices for local orders

Invoices for local orders are available only for the current user.

> Order history details contain a link in the header to the invoice page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the header of the order history details page, there is a link to the invoice page:
```
